Two fixes for issue 4480 (#4561)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-tls.md

QUIC carries TLS handshake data in CRYPTO frames, each of which consists of a
contiguous block of handshake data identified by an offset and length. Those
frames are packaged into QUIC packets and encrypted under the current
encryption level.  As with TLS over TCP, once TLS handshake data has been
delivered to QUIC, it is QUIC's responsibility to deliver it reliably. Each
chunk of data that is produced by TLS is associated with the set of keys that
TLS is currently using.  If QUIC needs to retransmit that data, it MUST use the
same keys even if TLS has already updated to newer keys.

> Encryption levels each correspond to packet number space.  The packet number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each encryption level corresponds to a packet number space.  The packet number
```
